{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Some basic `pym.js` help needed.\
In a child page I'm using the jQuery `$(document).ready(function()\{ ... \});` but I need `pym` to wait until after the `$(document).ready()` before it figures out the depth. I think what I'm after is fairly easy but my JS fu is weak.\
Here's what I've got that isn't working:\
```<script>\
    $(document).ready(function()\{\
        ... stuff here ... \
    \});\
</script>\
\
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://pym.nprapps.org/pym.v1.min.js"></script>\
<script>var pymChildRoster = new pym.Child();</script>```\
\
brentajones [12:52 PM]\
I usually fix this for ours with trial and error, so I\'92m not sure how much help I\'92ll be.\
\
There\'92s a sendHeight command that might work. Also there\'92s a polling option, which will continually send the height (super-overkill but it\'92s a last resort).\
\
aalbright [12:54 PM]\
Perhaps put the `new pym.Child()` inside `$(window).load(function()\{ ... \})`? `.load()` usually won\'92t fire till after `ready()`. Although in my experience, even getting depth after `.load()` is definitely trial and error.\
\
chris [12:55 PM]\
Maybe something like this?\
\
```<script type="text/javascript" src="https://pym.nprapps.org/pym.v1.min.js"></script>\
\
<script>\
    var pymChildRoster = new pym.Child();\
\
    $(document).ready(function()\{\
        pymChildRoster.sendHeight();\
        ... stuff here ... \
    \});\
</script>```\
\
shmcminn [12:56 PM]\
I run this at the bottom of my child pages, which is absolutely @brentajones\'92s version of super-overkill\
    ```var pymChild = new pym.Child();\
    \
    window.setInterval(function()\{\
      pymChild.sendHeight()\
    \}, 1000);```\
\
jheasly [1:37 PM]\
Oh-kay! *Thanks* for all your replies!\
Here's what ended up working:\
```<script type="text/javascript" src="https://pym.nprapps.org/pym.v1.min.js"></script>\
<script>\
    var pymChildRoster = new pym.Child();\
\
    $(document).ready(function()\{\
        ... stuff here ... \
\
        pymChildRoster.sendHeight();\
    \});\
</script>```\
(edited)\
\
jheasly [1:39 PM]\
Basically it's @chris ' suggestion of moving the loading of `pym` up higher, then running the `.sendHeight` within the jQuery event, but at the end. When I put `pymChildRoster.sendHeight();` at the top of the function, it didn't work. Put it last, it did.\
\
jheasly [1:41 PM]\
Also, trying @aalbright\'92s suggestion, I tried `$(window).on("load", function()\{ ... \};` and that works as well. So, pym doesn't seem to care if it's `$(window).on("load", ...`  or `$(document).ready( ...` \
Big thanks again! Y'all are the best.}